Oh, this is Guozi Street.
The view is nice
That's Guozi Street, which is Dajing No. 1 College
Nature is unusual
If my husband wants to come
With my husband's ability, there must be no problem.
Hahahaha
Junior Sister Chu joked
Although our fruit room is big
But not everyone can come if they want
Senior Brother Zheng Junior Sister Chu
Long time no see
How's your day?
Brother Lao is bothering
Junior sister is all right
Second brother, who is this person?
His name is Zheng Qing
Nanyang official person
The family is not ordinary rich
Wow rich second generation
OK
Wait, what did he mean by that?
It feels like it's targeting me.
Take away the feeling
He's targeting you
Hey, why?
Because he likes the chef
Hmph, it turned out to be a rival in love after a long time
Chef, is this the person you like?
It doesn't look very good, huh?
My eldest brother solved the arson case that has plagued many officials of the imperial court for a long time some time ago
How about you? You know all day long that you are in the academy
Just your knowledge
Far from my big brother
Nonsense, an arson case
If I can solve the case in less than half a stick of incense